Feature - remove all resource group locks (#96)
arcus-azure/arcus.scripting: docs/preview/features/powershell/azure-security.md

---
title: "Scripts related to Azure security"
layout: default
---

# Azure Security

This module provides the following capabilities:

> - [Removing resource locks on azure](#removing-resource-locks-on-azure)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Removing resource locks from an Azure resource group](#removing-resource-locks-from-an-azure-resource-group)
```
So it clearly states it's about removing locks from a specific resource group, not removing locks in general.

## Installation

To have access to the following features, you have to import the module:

```powershell
PS> Import-Module -Name Arcus.Scripting.Security
```

> ## Removing resource locks on Azure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Removing resource locks from an Azure resource group
```
